Manager, this crazy woman
Talk nonsense
The quality of the clothes in our store is wrong.
Want to return it?
What's the matter with me?
manager
Isn't your store a return and exchange within 7 days without reason?
I haven't touched this dress.
Return it.
You may not know this guest yet, right?
Our store only has VIP customers who spend over 1 million yuan
Return and exchange only.
Who are you?
Then your clerk slandered me as a gold digger.
Can I complain to him?
Excuse me, did you buy these clothes with your own money?
It's not for you to buy it and return it immediately.
What's wrong with saying you're a gold digger?
Argumentative
If you don't give a refund, you won't give a refund.
Why should you maliciously speculate about me?
Yo, I'm guilty of being in and out of pain points.
Haha, we are arguing
Or are you messing around?
I'll tell you what.
Get out today
If you don't get out, blame me for being rude
I recorded everything you just said
I'm going to post it online for everyone to comment on.
In the end, it's you who look down on people
Or should I go back and do something to block the road?
Let go let go
Give it back to me
I think you are the programmer who made trouble today.
I'll tell you what.
You're not going to walk out that door today.